I'm really lucky all my friends are
hilarious I was so glad that we got to
put them in a place where they could hit
homeruns and they all did what's very
important about the movie
it's the realness of Pete the only
people that were gonna possibly be able
to write jokes with Pete were his
friends cuz they understand that dark
sense of humor I know people really well
having experienced so much with him I
think I'm good at being able to sort of
predict how he might react to something
what are those numbers on your arm
that's the date my dad died knock knock
who's there
now your dad when we thought of working
on the movie Pete said you have to meet
my friend Ricky Velez he's the best he's
the funniest he's gonna be a huge star
he really deserves a big shot and he
came in and he really was all those
things
hey bugs dog I'm a gangster he's very
passionate he's like someone say
something about you I will kill them
like he's a loyal loyal great friend
he understood Pete so well and he's so
funny and has such great story sense
that he became also this incredible part
of our production team we just have like
such a good group of people is just so
exciting to see it all put together one
of the first conversations items Pete
was about how we have to put Coulson in
the movie because he's the best
[Music]
I'll just start to be in it he's put me
in movies I found out the Pete was
really good friends with Bell poly and I
thought well they'll have a natural
chemistry because they've known each
other a long time
I'm sorry
I'm not doing very well the first time I
saw I was super emotional but was also
just really relieved that everybody else
destroyed like burr he's a leading man
well Pete stone bill since he was a
teenager he's been a mentor to Pete
throughout his life so when Pete
mentioned the possibility of Bill
playing this part I thought well that
kind of makes sense because I do want it
to be somebody that Pete has real
chemistry with in real emotion in real
love almost really love me I'm not ready
to say something like he doesn't say
what if I dynamo be that guy saying you
know even though I never said it what I
loved about working with Pete was how
concerned he was with the rest of us
making sure everybody had a good time
he's not happy if his friends are
unhappy I want this not because you
don't we're friends right for the next
15 seconds this friendship is all of a
sudden it's been a dream of mine to work
with month my colleagues and you and
Pete were remains so that's good oh yeah
me and Pete well buddy's here so
you know it's good working with friends
what for
I mean I've seen pitas Louis as he seen
me and it's just fun to be able to do
stuff like this because it takes those
low moments and moves them into
something beautiful
[Music]